Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Mm?
Been a wonderful
tournament.
Shame it's all over.
Home is. uh...
Ah. it's brutally dull.
Hey.
You could come with me.
Yeah. we'll hunt and hawk
and... sail. make merry.
I'll sharpen that iron of yours
so you don't make
such a grand fool
of yourself next time.
Have you ever been
to Tarth?
- The-- the man
is dying. my lord.
- Huh? What?
His wounds.
they have mortified.
It-- it's beyond my abilities.
Oh. the Others
fucking geld me.
Beyond your--
an itchy arsehole
is beyond your abilities.
my friend.
Begone. witch!
- Fuck off with you.
- Yes. my lord. At once.
Cunt. It's fine.
You're fine.
He's a terrible maester.
Look.
Come with me to Storm's End.
and I will love you
like a brother.
Oh. cunt.
And if not...
well. fuck you.
I'll hate you like a brother.
It's a fine offer. Lyonel.
But all I do is bring
pain and suffering
to those around me.
You've done
the realm a kindness.
You'll see that one day.
The only good dragon
is a dead dragon.
Fucking gods!
Baelor fought for me.
He gave his fucking life.
Can you speak of him
with a little respect. please?
Fuck that. and fuck you!
I fought for you.
I-- Hardyng. Beesbury.
the fucking apple boy.
we fought for you.
Your prince fought for you
against men
sworn to protect him.
He risked nothing!
And the gods
don't favor a fraud.
Then why have they
favored me?
This is not favor. this...
This is mockery.
There's a war coming.
We could be a force.
you and I.
You'll consider it?
Good!
Caravan departs
after the roast.
Baelor of House Targaryen.
Prince of Dragonstone.
Heir apparent
to the Iron Throne.
Hand of King Daeron the Good.
Lord of the Seven Kingdoms
and Protector of the Realm.
May the gods keep him.
My prince.
Your father. he was...
- He was a great man.
- He died in my armor.
Plenty of sons have died
in their father's armor.
How many fathers
have died in their son's?
I could not say.
He was still young.
He had it in him
to be a great king.
The greatest
since Aegon the Dragon.
Why would the gods
take him and leave you?
I've-- I've wondered the same.
Be gone with you.
Ser Duncan.
Ser Duncan. Dunk!
I went by your camp.
but you weren't there.
I started getting worried.
You've come from
Baelor's funeral?
I can't believe you went.
I thought I owed it to him.
Everybody-- everybody blames me
for his death. don't they?
I don't.
Okay.
Steffon took my tent.
Said I betrayed the family
by abandoning him.
Can you believe that?
Left with little else.
I'm sorry. Raymun.
No. don't be.
He's just mad that he lost.
First trial of seven
in 100 years.
and Lord Steffon Fossoway
got beat by his little cousin.
Besides. it's better to be
an unripe green apple
than a wormy red one.
Suits you.
I think I broke
one of my cousin's ribs.
Morning.
Uh. good morning.
Ser Duncan.
this is Rowan...
of the Green Apple
Fossoways.
- Huh?
- My wife.
Pleased to meet you.
Ser Duncan.
Oh! Right. um.
please-- pleased to
meet you too. Lady Rowan.
She come
and watched the trial.
- Said I fought like a wild bull.
- Mm.
And with all
the grace of one.
Ah.
I had no squire
to see to my wounds.
and she offered to help me
out my armor and...
Anyway. she said
I've got her with child now.
so I figured
we ought to get married.
Mm.
Feels like a boy.
You hear that. Ser Duncan?
A boy.
That's. um...
Ser Duncan.
Prince Maekar demands a word.
You're to come with us.
He's not going anywhere.
- He's been through enough.
- It's fine.
I'll be fine.
Congratulations.
I'm sending Aerion
to the East.
A few years
in the Free Cities
may change him
for the better.
Some men will say
I meant to kill my brother.
The gods know it is a lie.
but I will hear the whispers
till the day I die.
You swung the mace. m'lord.
But it was for me
Prince Baelor died.
You will hear them
whisper as well.
The king is old.
When he dies.
each time a battle is lost
or a crop fails.
the fools will say Baelor
would not have let it happen.
But the hedge knight
killed him.
If I had not fought...
you would have had
my hand and foot.
I sat under the tree
this morning...
and I asked.
could I have spared one?
I mean. how can a foot
be worth a prince's life?
And what answer
does your tree give you?
Every day at evenfall...
Ser Arlan would say. "I wonder
what the morrow will bring."
Mightn't it be that
some morrow will come
when I'll have need
of that foot.
when the realm
will need that foot
even more
than a prince's life?
Not bloody likely.
The realm has as many
hedge knights as hedges.
My youngest son seems
to have grown fond of you. ser.
It is time he was a squire.
But he tells me he will serve
no knight but you.
He is an unruly boy.
as you will have noticed.
He's a good lad.
Just needs a stern hand.
that's all.
Will you have him?
Me?
There is a place for you
at Summerhall.
You'll swear your sword to me.
and Aegon can squire for you.
While you train him.
my master-at-arms
will finish your own training.
Your Ser Arlan did
all he could for you.
I have no doubt.
But you still have
much to learn.
I beg your pardon.
m'lord. I do.
But I think
I'm done with princes.
Yeah.
Were you spying?
No.
Are you in a lot of pain?
- Ser?
- I can't. Egg.
I'm sorry.
Maybe you're not the knight
I thought you were.
Have you heard
this story before?
Many times.
From where?
From you.
Oh.
- May I ask you. ser--
- When a lord calls his banners
and sends us boys off to war.
it's custom for each
to nail a penny
to the oak in the square.
And if we return.
to take it down.
Oh. it's a great oak tree.
And yet. it's often hard
to find a spare bit
to nail a new penny.
Why did you never knight me?
Did you think I'd leave you?
I wouldn't have.
Or was it something else?
Ser?
And that's why
they call it the Pennytree.
A true knight
always finishes a story.
- To Beesbury.
- And to Hardyng.
To their memory.
To the brave hearts.
How do they get the bees
to swarm like that?
Some sort of magic?
Magic?
What?
Well. they put the queen
in Beesbury's coffin.
Oh!
Fucking bee magic.
My poor sweet warrior.
All that fighting's turned
your brains to applesauce.
- Mm.
- Do you yield. dragon whore?
- Eat shit. Sarrah!
Serving boy! My cup.
Have you no shame
coming here?
Those men are dead
because of you.
Will you take Egg to squire?
I told your father.
He's not my concern.
You know...
My brother wasn't always
such a little monster.
Egg is no monster.
He's just a boy.
I didn't mean Egg.
But no doubt we'll make
a man of him. too.
Perhaps the seeds of madness
are sown in the womb.
as the maesters say.
But Aerion was quite
the glad child once.
He liked fishing.
What?
Ser Duncan. my lord.
requests an audience.
I want you to know
I do not blame you
for ruining my name day.
It was a rotten thing
they've done to you.
and you were right
in your reply.
Thanks.
Speak quick.
I'm near rid of this place.
Before your brother died.
he said the realm
needed good men.
What of it?
I will take Egg to squire.
But not at Summerhall.
I thought you were done
with princes.
Egg is no prince.
Not yet.
Might be he's better served
away from castles.
- and servants. and--
- His family?
If you would consent...
I would bring him
on the road with me.
He'll learn to squire as I did.
We'll sleep in inns. stables.
Now and again. in the halls
of some landed knight
or lesser lordling.
Maybe under a tree.
when we must.
I forbid him
to live as a peasant.
Aegon is blood of the dragon.
He cannot sleep in ditches
and eat hard salt beef.
Daeron never slept in a ditch.
And all the beef Aerion
ever ate was
thick and rare and bloody.
He's my last son.
Sweetfoot!
What are you doing here. girl?
I hear Ser Lyonel
wants you for a stag.
Storm End's a sad place.
Figured an old friend
might brighten it up for you.
You bought me a horse?
I won't be going with Lyonel.
What will you do then?
What I should have done
all along.
Ride her
in the other direction.
What about you?
I don't know.
Father always spoke about
building up the cider business.
opening a new barreling outfit.
Cider?
Well. you should have your
Sweetfoot back. in any matter.
She's not mine.
Not anymore.
Besides...
I think an orchard
might suit her better.
What?
I can't.
Are you certain?
She is a fine animal.
Hello there. Sweetfoot.
Do you like apples?
I don't know. Chestnut.
Stop asking me.
Where would the old man go?
Hm?
Ser Duncan!
My lord father says
I am to serve you.
"Serve you. ser."
Chestnut's yours.
Treat her kindly.
And I don't want to find you on
Thunder unless I put you there.
Where are we going. ser?
Don't know.
I suppose we could go anywhere
in the Seven Kingdoms.
- though I've never been to D--
- Nine.
- What?
- There are nine kingdoms. ser.
- Of what?
- The realm.
Are you mad?
Is that relevant?
There are seven kingdoms
of the realm. boy.
Everyone knows that.
- Then. everyone is wrong.
- Do you want a clout in the ear?
Crownlands. Westerlands.
Stormlands. Riverlands.
the Iron Islands.
the North. the Reach.
the Vale of Arryn.
and Dorne.
No. but...
I've never been over
the Red Mountains before.
I hear they have
good puppet shows in Dorne.
Hyah! Hyah!
- Where's Aegon?
- I've not seen him. my prince.
I will ask the septons.
Where the fuck is he?!
♪ Some people say a man
is made out of mud ♪
♪ A poor man's made
out of muscle and blood ♪
♪ Muscle and blood
and skin and bones ♪
♪ A mind that's weak
and a back that's strong ♪
♪ You load 16 tons.
what do you get? ♪
♪ Another day older
and deeper in debt ♪
♪ Saint Peter.
don't you call me
'cause I can't go ♪
♪ I owe my soul
to the company store ♪
♪ I was born one morning
when the sun didn't shine ♪
♪ I picked up my shovel
and I walked to the mine ♪
♪ I loaded 16 tons
of number nine coal ♪
♪ And the straw boss said.
well. bless my soul ♪
♪ You load 16 tons.
what do you get? ♪
♪ Another day older
and deeper in debt ♪
♪ Saint Peter.
don't you call me
'cause I can't go ♪
♪ I owe my soul
to the company store ♪
♪ I was born one morning.
it was drizzling rain ♪
♪ Fightin' and Trouble
are my middle name ♪
♪ I was raised
in the canebrake by
an old mama lion ♪
♪ Can't no high-toned woman
make me walk the line ♪
♪ You load 16 tons.
what do you get? ♪
♪ Another day older
and deeper in debt ♪
♪ Saint Peter.
don't you call me
'cause I can't go ♪
♪ I owe my soul
to the company store ♪
♪ I owe ♪
♪ My soul ♪
♪ To the company store ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm